go to a press conference that's being
held at the asifa hospital earlier on it
was suggested by Israel that Hamas had
been using the hospital as a base let's
listen into the Press confence speaking
in a non-palestinian
accent and after due verification the
Israeli occupation forces have been
using technology to fabricate audio
records and to fabricate images the
Israelis have failed to provide a single
piece of evidence to prove that this
facility has tunnels underneath or sent
any Command Center
underneath this is home to more than
60,000 people taking Refuge within the
compound in addition to thousands of
patients and victims let alone thousands
of medical personnel the false
fabricated evidence made by the Israeli
occupation forces are so naive that a
six grader can fabricate ones like these
and we can make similar ones I repeat
and I reiterate these are false
fabricated allegation raised by the
Israelis that constitute no valid
evidence the Israeli Recon War planes
and drones have been hovering above our
heads for 20 days and for years
before yet they failed to provide a
single piece of evidence to prove that
this facility has tunnels and Command
Center
underneath another lie by the Israeli
occupation
forces is that the fuel provided by onor
is
stolen it
is a fabricated
lie it was refuted by the general
commissioner Mr Philip aarini when he
was asked today in the press conference
about the allegation that f is stolen he
said
verbatim there is no evidence that fuel
coming to the Ona was stolen he added
the fuels reached are very limited and
cannot
even provide for their operations to the
south of
Gaza
even he posted images of the fuel tanks
at Rafa
Crossing which are current Curr ly under
construction these
facilities as we speak did not receive a
single liter of
fuel even these empty tanks were falsely
a Accused by the Israeli occupation
forces as depos
Depot for
fuel the Israeli occupation forces
targeted those
stanks another lie propagated by the
Israelis the Army spokesman
about calling the gazans to move to a
safe area namely to head to the
South we thank him for his
ethics at the same time this is utter
rudness utter
hubris the Israeli are calling people
and instructing them to head south yet
they are shelling those safe
areas from the beginning of this
pleasance the Israeli occupation forces
targeted the uto marketplace where more
than 70 people were
killed it is a series of false lies a
series of fabricated
reports fabricated and alleged by the
Israeli occupation forces and even as we
speak the Israeli is bombarding the
south of Gaza Strip more than
65% of the victims killed to the south
of Gaza are
3,423
Palestinians more than
65% of all those killed since the
beginning of the Israeli
pler
568 people were from those who followed
in the false claims by the Israelis and
moved to the South and even as we speak
the Israelis and their spokesmen are
still propagating false
reports a fifth
lie is the red marked areas as marked by
the Army
spokesman these
areas are purely medical facilities
within Al shifa Hospital
compound the first one is the emergency
unit where we are standing now this one
is the Outpatient
Clinic which is now turned it into
shelter and also it part of it has
transformed into operation theater for
surgery
this third
area is the Intensive Care Unit and
other specialized units the fourth one
is the clinic for dialysis the last one
is the incubator for newborns all these
are purely medical facilities emergency
unit intensive care units incubators for
baby
borns and
dialysis and other
units there is
nothing true in the false fabricated
claims alleged by the
Israelis even this incubator is home to
dozens of new baby
borns they are the symbol of our hope
again the Israeli occupation forces are
falely claiming that alifa
hospital
is
containing military facilities for the
past 70 years we stood our
ground and we will continue to stand
State fast
this is further reinforced by the
belance of the Israelis the violence the
indiscriminate killing of our people
will turn us more resolved to stand our
ground therefore I
reiterate all these medical facilities
are operating on
170%
occupancy now I will give the floor to
the head of the facility to give you
further details about these facilities I
would like to point out that the
Israelis did not stop at this point
yesterday the representatives and the
United
Nations
demonstrated a piece of video clip
showing a heinous
crime by a sharp
tool
yesterday Russia
[Music]
Today
posted a
report
refuting the claims of the
Israelis
this report refuting the false
accusation was presented to the
public it is an old
video and it was posted on the internet
months before October
7th this is a living proof that the
Israeli occupation forces continue with
their lies continue with their false
reports continue with their
fabricated
evidence and the last of which was today
by the Army spokesman alleging that this
facility has tunnels underneath before I
leave I will give the floor to Dr
Muhammad abuya the head of the facility
to speak in details about the
particulars of these units within the
compound the Israeli Army
spokesman
threatens to strike
hospital he is not only threatening us
he is threatening 2.2 million people
this facility is serving them all the
specialization surgeries and all the
medical treatments are provided by this
Center we are catering to all the gazans
even from
RAF simply it is a death sentence again
is 2.2 million people we are standing in
the emergency unit it was opened only
four months ago it was built by the
unor and they know exactly from even the
concrete pillars underneath up to every
single Brick by which the hospital was
built and we do not believe that an
international organization would build a
terrorist facilities this hospital is
serving and Catering to all the
Gans patients victims pregnant women and
even baby
born even as we are operating above our
occupancy
rate we are operating everywhere even on
the floor and emergency unit
it is home to thousands of victims in
addition to thousands of medical
Crews we have other five intensive care
units more than 70 cases on respiratory
artificial respiratory
apparatuses any act will put these life
to
dangers we have 50 Baby Bones 50 Baby
Bones
who were born with less weight and they
are put in dedicated
incubators those babies cannot be
abandoned they cannot even be moved from
one room to another we do not believe
there is any hospital or medical
facility capable of receiving those baby
born as we are running out of beds and
Facilities we are operating on the on
the
floor the dialysis unit has 57
apparatuses the entire Gaza Strip does
not have any similar facility it is
catering to more than 150 kidney patient
every
day
I two days ago we were
visited by the representative of the
International Red Cross the red crescent
on Nora and the representative of the
World Health Organization if they
believe there is any form of threat or
danger they wouldn't have come here in
addition we took them around and we have
them visit and inspect each and every
corner of the
hospital they told us we have seen and
heard about the atrocities but seeing
this in reality is a different story
this facility is catering to the entire
Gaza Strip it is the lifeline of the 2.2
million people living in
Gaza we are trying to cater to our
patients and victims the Israeli Army
spokesman is propagating false lies and
fabricating reports we are open to the
International Community come and
see for yourself and we call on the
media Representatives present here to
show
around we insisted that this press
conference is held at this very part of
of the
hospital it is the emergency unit and it
is an example of each and every corner
of the compound in the face of the false
lies perpetrated by the Israelis we
warn
that what is being falsely propagated by
the Israelis is a precursor for striking
this medical fac faity it is a precursor
to perpetrate yet another Holocaust
another Pro
program this is the usual practice of
the Israelis this is exactly what
happened when they bombarded alahi
Baptist hospital they falsely alleged
that the resistance fighter are using
the
facility I
reiterate these are false
reports
they executed their
threats and shelled the Baptist Hospital
killing 500 people on the
spot I warn the whole world I Ring the
Alarm Bill there is imminent danger
hovering above the medical facility
about
80,000 lives 80,000 lives patients
victims medical personnel and people
taking shelter in the facility all those
lives
will be at
RIS if anything happens to them your
their blood will be on the international
community's
hands this medical facility ities is
supervised by the UN wh or Nora and
other International organizations and
all those organizations are responsible
for the safety of every single life in
this facility it is not responsibility
it is an
obligation this flagrant threat comes by
the Israelis
as they intensify their air
strikes targeting the food supply
stores and other infrastructure
including
bakeries water tanks even small
supermarkets this also comes with
another
threat to
service facility of the
municipality serving 1 million people
which
means this the municipality will be
totally out of operation and this
facility as a result the lifeline of the
health sector and the lifeline of the
service sector will be to
reped we are left with very few Food
Supplies and very few bakeries which
were at hand before this
pleasur it is nothing short of
genocide it is a death sentence against
2.2 million people in
Gaza if alifa Hospital Falls the entire
Health sector will
fall the entire Health sector will
collapse once again we reiterate amid
the threats voiced
bluntly by the Israeli occupation forces
turning a blind eye to the war ethics
human rights or human values they
continue with yet another
crime the whole world and international
organizations must live up to their
obligation let the Israeli occupation
forces allow representatives of the
international organization into
Gaza the Israelis continue with their
false lies if those representatives are
allowed in
they can come and refute the false
fabricated reports propagated by the
Israelis this is the reality we are
standing in alifa hospital we and all
you see behind me are victims to the
Holocaust perpetrated by the Israelis
for the past
21 days we are prepared to take you live
with the cameras in a tour throughout
the medical facili
Corners to refute the false reports
propagated by the Israelis we have
nothing to fear we have nothing to hide
we are catering to save lives it is the
only Lifeline left to Gaza and the
gazans yet again to their huis the
Israelis are threatening to strike these
facilities now we call on all
representatives of the media to take an
inspection tour throughout all the
facilities mentioned and falsely accused
by the Israeli Army spokesman to refute
the false report
propagated we will Lively refute the
false
allegations and fabricated reports
made by the
Israelis we cannot allow this to pass as
a precursor to Target more
civilians unfortunately the Israelis are
encouraged by dozens of media Outlets
who abandoned their conscience and gave
up their professional ethics now we
invite you in an inspection tour to see
for yourself you will see the aftermath
of this program perpetrated by the
Israelis it is a series part of the
series of their crime please join me
thank
you